{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Segoe UI;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\b\f0\fs20\lang9 Revision Hub updated to v1.1 (28/09/20)\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ulnone\b0\f1 I decided to come back to this project after a few months with a relatively major update.\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 + Added the creating and editing of multiple files at once.\par
+ Added duplication of flashcards, tests and documents.\par
+ Added the ability to use flashcards as tests and tests as flashcards.\par
+ Flashcards and tests can now be exported to the CSV file format.\par
+ Added the option to skip questions in tests (for some reason that wasn't a feature before).\par
+ Added the ability to synchronize revision files between drives and via TCP.\par
+ Added the ability to cycle through all assessments in a folder (called Marathons).\par
* Previously a lot of windows prevented the activity of all other windows, which is mostly no longer the case.\par
* A lot of windows can now be resized where they couldn't before.\par
* Documents now have bullet-point functionality.\par
* Tests now reshuffle when you restart them.\par
* Proper font scaling on several controls.\par
* Fixed a lot of bugs.\par
* Probably added a lot of bugs.\f0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
The source code has now been added to the repository. You can find it at:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\par
as well as previous versions at:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases\ul0\cf0}}}}\ul\b\f0\fs20\par
\par
Revision Hub updated to v1.0.3 (28/09/20)\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Added the ability to check for software updates within the app itself.\par
\par
You can download the latest version as well as previous versions at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\ul\b\par
Revision Hub updated to v1.0.2 (27/08/20)\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Fixed some issues where windows were being resized incorrectly.\par
\par
You can download the latest version as well as previous versions at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\ul\b\par
Revision Hub updated to v1.0.1 (18/08/20)\par
\par
\ulnone\b0 Fixed a few bugs and made some slight improvements to the UI.\par
\par
You can download the latest version as well as previous versions at: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/CosmoleonGit/RevisionHub/releases\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\ul\b\par
Revision Hub released (14/08/20)\par
\ulnone\b0\par
After a few months of on-and-off working on this project, I decided to release it to the public. I originally decided to make this as a handy tool for myself to revise, but after a while I decided that other people may find it useful as well.\par
Here are some of the features that it has:\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul An explorer for revision files and folders.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
This allows you to organize your revision into many different sub-groups. It allows you to modify and delete files and folders, as well as move them around. It also has a search bar so that it's easier for you to find what you want to revise.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Flashcard creation and testing.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
You can easily make flashcards and test yourself on them. The editor is designed to be simple and easy to use, so you can create flashcards and start testing yourself very quickly. You can revise them in order, reversed or in a random order.\par
These are good for learning and testing yourself on chunks of information.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Test creation and assessing.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Tests can be created, which have a series of questions that can either be typed or multiple choice. If a question is typed, you can have multiple possible answers for it, so you can give yourself some leeway when answering your own questions. On completing a test, you are shown a results screen displaying all your correct and incorrect answers, as well as an overall percentage. Just like flashcards, you can order them any way you like.\par
These are very good for quickly testing your knowledge on an array of facts in your revision.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Document creation.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Documents provide a test editor for you to type text and save it. The text is saved in an RTF format, meaning you can have many different fonts and styles, as well as pictures in your document.\par
You could use documents to store large amounts of information, which can be used as revision notes for particular topics and subjects.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul A notepad.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
The notepad is essentially a general-purpose text editor which is mainly used for copying text and jotting down information for future use. In your notepad you can have as many tabs as you like, and all of them will be saved for when the app is next opened.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul A timer and stopwatch.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
The timer could be used for measuring the amount of time it takes for you to get through a topic or a test, and the stopwatch can be used for setting a specific amount of time for a revision session before it's time to stop. The timer/stopwatch will continue going even when you close the window, unless you stop it first. You'll be alerted when the stopwatch reaches the end.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul Setting and modifying themes.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
When you're using this app to revise, you'd prefer to have a colour scheme which is easy on the eyes and suits you specifically. This feature allows you to create colour schemes of your own for practically every element in the Revision Hub.\par
The app comes pre-packaged with both a light theme and a dark theme, but you can make as many themes of your own as you like, with many different colours to change.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul A reminder system.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
This allows you to create reminders for specific dates at specific times. Whilst the app is running and the time is surpassed, you will receive a notification with the message you specified in your reminder. You can use this to remind your future self to revise a particular topic at a specific time.\par
\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul A pack downloading system.\ulnone\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\fs22\par
\fs20 If you\rquote re not interested in making your own revision material, there is still a way you can get good use out of the app, and that is through pack downloads.\par
When you are connected to the Internet, you have a sizeable amount of packs you can download. These packs contain pre-made flashcards, tests and documents which you can start revising with right out of the box. There are already a few packs that you can download right now, and I'll certainly make more in the future. I'll also upload packs that are sent to me directly.\par
\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\ul\fs20 Notices\ulnone\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
This is a section where you can see new information surrounding the Revision Hub, such as new updates and new packs being released. It may also have tips for making the most of the program, and possibly links to good sources of revision. If this app continues to be used, I will update it with new features in the future, and those updates will be reported here.\par
\par
\par
Thanks for downloading this app, and I hope you find it useful.\lang2057\par
}
 